number 14 on the top 25 list is the
hardcore legend Mick Foley Mick Foley is
another one of those guys like Jeff
Hardy that you wouldn't expect to be a
WWE Superstar especially a main event
superstar Mick Foley we all know the
footage of him when he was jumping off
his backyard and he wanted to be a big
star one day and he he would go to great
extremes to become a star he would go
out there and have these very very
brutal matches on the independent
circuit he would go to Japan and have
these Texas death matches with Terry
Funk and then all that hard work all
that sacrifice all the blood he spilled
that year he got ripped out it all
finally paid off when dem weg I heard
him in 1996 and he became mankind and
obviously the people in WWE saw
something in him even though he didn't
have the look I mean he's a average
looking guy chubby guy fat guy not
really the bodybuilder type that WWE was
used to pushing but they still had a lot
of confidence in him and he was
immediately pushed into a feud with
Undertaker and he actually got several
wins over Undertaker and he became known
as the guy who had more wins over
Undertaker than anybody else and the two
of them had some great matches they had
the boiler room brawl and that that was
one of the matches I think put mankind
on the map in WWE and he continued to
build momentum and then they did
something different with him they they
kind of dropped the mankind character a
little bit and you know talked about his
past doesn't make Foley and how he rose
up and talked about how he how he was
Dude Love you know doing the backyard
wrestling and they brought in the duel
of character and Mick Foley developed
the three phases of Foley had Cactus
Jack going back to the independent days
yeah do love from his backyard wrestling
days and then he had
mankind he was the three phases of Foley
so Mick Foley was showing his
personality he cut great promos and he
had very entertaining matches it wasn't
a technical wrestler but he he took a
lot of crazy bumps and he entertained
the people that's the bottom line he was
a guy who went out there and delivered
night after night and of course you
remember helm the cell at king of the
ring when he was thrown off the Hell in
a Cell by Undertaker one of the most
memorable moments ever in WWE and from
that point on you knew he was going to
be a major superstar in WWE and sure
enough seven months later he finally won
the big one he won the Debbie w/e title
and had a series of great matches with
the rock you know like the halftime Heat
and all those other matches with Iraq
and then he formed the rock n sock
connection they had the most watched
segments and raw history that this is
your life Mick Foley showing his comedic
side and the fact that he could be
entertaining without having to kill
himself so that that was what was so
great about Mick Foley he could do so
many things he was so talented and all I
can say now is have a nice day Mick